# [Live] Phase 5 Project Schedule

## Introduction

For much of Phase 5, your time is your own. This is, however, a great
opportunity for you to practice good time management. There are some specific
milestones during this process. Your instructor will determine the exact
timeline for each of the following:

## Week 1

### Initial Project Pitches

This is when you get to pitch whatever pie in the sky things you want. We're not
yet worried about what your MVP is or whether your idea is practical — just come
up with ideas. You won't be starting on your project until Day 3, so think of
this as your research and development phase. Learn Auth, learn Redux, learn how
to use complex APIs and libraries. Your instructor will give you an idea of what
is and isn't practical, and some guidance on the technologies you're looking at.

### Project Proposals

You will have your project ready to pitch to a panel including a lead and your
instructor. You'll have the models drawn out, a sketched out version of what
your frontend will look like, and evidence that you're able to use the APIs and
libraries that you're going to implement. You'll also have a proposal for what
your MVP will look like. You're expected to have the MVP complete a week from
this day. Together you and your instructors will determine the best project to
move forward with.

### Retro

You'll be taking part in a retro every Friday. This will be the time to talk
about what went right, what went wrong, what roadblocks you're still up against
and your plan of attack for getting over them.

You'll also have two mandatory check-ins with your instructor leading up to your
MVP presentation. After that, office hours will be available to sign-up for, but
will not be mandatory.

## Week 2

### MVP Presentations

You will present your completed MVP to your project manager and a lead
instructor. You should have all the functionality that you promised during your
project proposal, as well as a plan of attack for the next week.

## Week 3

### Mid-Week — Projects Complete

By mid-week, you should have your project done. Time after this should be spent
styling and fixing minor bugs only — you should be done with all the core
functionality.

### Science Fair

This is the day that you'll be showing off your projects to your peers!
